Since the Sun family dares to kidnap me
I will definitely come to your door again.
Instead of doing it and waiting
It's better to take the initiative to find a solution
The Sun family is numerous and powerful.
There are only three of us
What can he do?
He didn't consider this
Say no to it
OK
you create bait
Lure the Sun family into taking the bait
local sanguine
famous square
even if we go into town
shout to the sky
no one will believe him
Even if you believe it
This is baseless
No one dares to touch them
unless
contact family
Dear officials, you have seen with your own eyes
But this step
Lian Maner should be allowed to make his own fishing bait
Lure the Sun family into taking the bait
you
You were caught by me on purpose
correct
I marked all the way
people from government
Arrive immediately
a fool's dream
You can't leave today
The battle begins
what can we do?
No
I have to save Manil
The difference is
How many people are going to poke my spine?
It's unfair to call our family cruel.
I'm alive
sit down for me
warn
bobby
You damn old man
young married woman
take good care of your mother
I am afraid
second child
A lot of people
catch
No
he goes
take good care of your mother
uphold justice
If you scream again, it's over.
Kraft
second child
dad
Let's wait for the official arrival.
save manir
Xinnuo
Why haven't the officials arrived yet?
stupid
Mr. Sun is from Qingfeng County
a well known good man
How could I keep you from getting the evidence?
empty slander
withdrawal
adult
don't be rude
This matter is a matter of life and death
I hope your Majesty will pay attention to it.
adult
Enough, enough, enough
That's it
Let me go
very hot, very hot, very hot
I don’t want to play anymore, I don’t want to play anymore.
I don't want to be burned to death
Where can I get one thousand gold coins?
Wouldn't it be better to be burned to death?
exit the game
Which
Is there any other way?
if this continues
everyone will die
he goes
get off
open everything for me
daughter in law
Manier
a cane
How dare you hit me in the face
Xinnuo
Are you OK
beautiful
I just have lingering poison
There are a lot of people here that you have to defeat.
you go first
The one they want is me
Since I promised to protect you,
How could I leave you and run away?
If a man dies, his ears die too
What is a speaker?
I just didn't expect it
He will die today
You little bastards take it in your hands
Xinnuo
Kraft
The government is dealing with the issue
do not fight
Tell all the unemployed to get out
Come on quickly
put everything aside
go away
Stand there and don't move
Xinnuo
Stop, stop, don't run
Kraft
let everything go
Are you OK?
Go quickly
Government officials are coming
Manier is okay
Yes
let's go
Go, go, go, go, go, go
you owe me a favor
The accounts are all on the wall
Don't forget to paddle
When was that?
Do you still have the courage to say this?
dignity
to thank these saviors
these people look
No real rescue force seems to exist.
What
Isn't Captain Zhao on duty today?
Why can't I see anyone else?
Aren't you a beggar from Yongfu Street?
I saw you when you were drinking soup
thank you, sir
agree agree agree agree
give me something to eat
Give me this money and follow me
Get in the car quickly
Come
he ran away
Why are you chasing me?
Stop and chase, stop and don’t run.
Don't run
Don't run, stop
his father
What's up with her
did you find it?
in this village
area
I searched them all
It's dark today
Where has everyone gone?
Slow down, slow down
dad
Slower
hydrated rice
Manier
What’s wrong with you
What's going on with these clothes?
beautiful
Are you OK
where were you?
my parents are worried
Third brother
three younger brothers
Didn't you see?
What a fire
I got it
I almost set Marnier on fire.
This is indeed a sacrifice
I'm scared when I think about it now
What's your job
Get up, father
stand up
Manier
Manel, don't worry
dad
Mother
I'm just a daughter like Munir
if something happens to her
I don't live anymore
I hope dad can make a decision
Sanal
I will definitely let the boss
I'll give you an explanation
slow down
Get up quickly
damn it
Come
stand up
Dad agreed
Manier
Just be fine
I just hope the baby is okay
OK
go home with your mother
he goes
Brother Shen
Go in first
Three hours have passed
I've never seen anyone have time for acupuncture
we will miss you
Brother Yang
Will you go to training with me?
Acupuncture treatments are lengthy in nature
Just be more patient
I can no longer use force these days.
Let Brother Heng practice his skills.
if it weren't for him
We can't breathe right now
After all this
Grandpa's life will definitely not be easy
Let uncle and aunt go
listen to my father
my uncle and aunt
I haven't been home all day
Eighty percent of the time he knew something was out.
hide
Since grandma has seen it with her own eyes
burial problem
that sun family
He shouldn't act so recklessly, should he?
Bee flies are poisonous
The jackal bites again
I hope it's as you wish
speak English
Brother Shen wants to
The Sun family will not stop here
Instead, he will take more action
Every blow will hit
cut off the roots
Otherwise there will be a follow-up
The current Sun family
We have not called on the government to arrest him
I can only see one step at a time.
Brother Yang
I usually find you cute and elegant
Didn't expect me to be so brave
How dare you call him a beggar?
He pretended to be a government employee
Life
This is my first time doing such a perverted thing
Really helpless
Brother Heng
You call these beggars
How much does it cost?
He didn't spend money
don't be polite to me
I
have a lot of money
Where did you get the money?
What's wrong
The Sun family wants my life
I want one hundred taels from them
not much
Today is like this
The situation is extremely urgent
You still have time to steal money
The difference is
Make my journey in vain
Manier
What happened to my mother?
Mom just now
Come to your house to find you
I can never see you again
Mom thought you were back
Wouldn't that be great for me?
look
You can’t have fewer arms, and you can’t have fewer legs either.
let's go back
Just be good
go home with your mother
Mother
You can go back to sleep
Do not worry about me
I am very smart
there will be no danger
I've been scared all day
You go to bed first
Mom, I'll stay with you for a while
Hot weather
I couldn't even sleep.
when i was a child
Once you touch the bed, you will be addicted
What were you like as a child?
when i was a child
round face
pink face
Good manners
then
Mom doesn't just want to drag you down
I also want to drag your sister-in-law
Your sister-in-law is more domineering
And you
No fighting or robbing
Everything gave her so much
When mom is doing laundry and cooking
You always like to be obedient
sit next to mom
Fidgeting with one in hand
little rattle
Mother is back
Just smile at your mom
I laughed so hard that my mother’s heart melted
That snare drum
Your father made it with his own hands
It was you when I was a child
my favorite thing
I have no idea
Where is your father?
What about my current changes?
Isn't it huge?
Sister-in-law now
But you can't bully me anymore
no matter how you change
She is also my mother's daughter
after
no matter what you do
what do you want to do
tell your mother everything
My mother will always stand by your side
I try my best to protect you
once Upon a time
Mom has a very gentle temper
bear it all
he will hurt you
Today we witnessed such a disaster
My mother thought about it
after
My mom will never do that again
as long as you are here
Xiaoqi is here
There is also Xiaoba here
Mom is no longer afraid of anything
Just be nice
Just protect you
Come
sleep
correct
The wolf is coming
The tiger is coming
The old monk came with a drum on his back
Where are you hiding?
hidden in temple
Ichigo hid a child
My son, my son, don't cry
The wolf is gone
The tiger is gone
I'll go to the set and buy you a flower drum
do not miss it
looking west
My father did not go to the fields
The chicken coop at home is broken
your milk
Let me add a few more
Tingling
Manier
What happened this time?
I feel wronged by you
It's all my father's fault
He didn't protect you
I do not blame you
I have to blame uncle
dad
Mother
Elder brother and third brother
Where is my father?
Dad and second brother went to work in the fields
Mom isn't here either
what happened?
Hua'er asked their Sun family to
was taken away
I go to the fields
Call my dad again
I'm coming too
Then I
Manier
What did you do last time?
Made by my own family
get away
hurry up
Please help aunt find a way
Save your sister Hua'er
what can I do?
Go and notify the authorities.
What are the benefits of notifying the authorities?
It’s not like you don’t know
The Sun family has huge wealth
We rashly notified the official
He took a bite and said your uncle
What if my uncle insults me?
Manier
You and Sister Hua'er
They are people of flesh and blood.
you grew up together
sisters
at this time
Are you embarrassed?
Do you stand and watch?
my aunt
I don't accept moral hijacking
besides it
in your plan
I would have been dead a long time ago
You can't ask the dead for help
Do you want to save Lian Hua'er?
I don't think you're very nice.
What do you mean?
Even though my uncle and his family want to harm me
Shan Lianweier
After all, this is human life.
If I were burned alive
It's in a person's heart
will be uncomfortable
I won't
Yes
Be my holy mother
can you save me?
just a reminder
Once the lotus takes your place
Sun family
I won't bother you again
I won't attack other girls either
But if we help at this time
this matter
there will never be an end
Then you can't ignore it, right?
If you don't save him, aren't you an accomplice?
If there wasn't you before
I won't interfere
So what's the difference between me and Lian Huaier?
where to?
I was worried your mother would come to me to avoid the limelight.
It's really hopeless
People from our village
Will I be bullied abroad?
That's not it
Who dares to bully us people?
From now on, as long as I'm here
Let’s see who dares to touch our villagers
Then it
I tell you I'm here
No one in our village dares to touch anyone
Didn't you see this happening?
What?
Then
only one word
any word
risk
How dangerous is it?
The people in the Sun family are all bad people
Everyone holds it in their hands
Such a big sickle
How many people should there be?
how many people
There must be at least hundreds of people
hundreds of people
When you go up there, take Shouichi and me with you.
surround
OMG
There were literally hundreds of people there.
several hundred
i will give everything
i was
I just picked up a stick
I will blend in with the crowd
Me too
Who dares to touch officials?
All right
too late, too late
I defend my rights with one hand
He held Manier with one hand
I ran out as fast as I could
good thing i'm here
Otherwise Manier
He was burned alive
sharp
Yes Yes
At this critical moment, we must rely on women
That's not it
Manier is here
Hear what Mannar has to say.
Munir please tell me
My second aunt saved me
look
But Lian Huaier was arrested again
But here are all aunties
I feel relieved
That's because we are here
It's not too late
we are here to save people
There are steamed eggs on the stove
It's over, it's over, it's over
It looks like it's going to rain today
I'll go back and get my clothes
You must report this to an administrator
There's still soup in my bowl
It is going to rain
this this this
I'm going to dry my quilt
What kind of quilt do you use on rainy days?
What kind of quilt should I wear on rainy days?
curse
annoying
Look how beautiful those ginkgo leaves are
Look at this day again
Look at this place again
What's your job
Just right
Just that high
all
stay here
Mid-Autumn Festival Sacrifice
Don't be careless
Especially the ancestral tablets
He chased me quickly
Kraft
Wow wow wow
blues
How is this going?
Which
That girl took away the tablets of our ancestors
snatched away
Kraft
Come on, grab it, come on
Wow wow wow
Kraft
dad
What did the Sun family do?
My son doesn't know
Otherwise the flowers won’t bloom
in such a dangerous situation
We are currently preparing for Mid-Autumn Festival sacrificial activities
Li Zheng and everyone in the village are busy
I really don't know if I can come and help.
dad
I don't think it's a big problem
Wow wow wow
Don't run, stop
I'm afraid I'm not seriously ill.
For couples only
very hardworking
stop running
I can't run anymore
love as you wish
This is Qingfeng County
Exactly eight miles from here
think about it
It's so tempting that I want to run away.
impromptu
How could you think so accurately?
Won't you help Hua'er?
I won't help
Just giving you a ride
Where do horses come from?
Li Cheng
Isn't this your horse?
Go home by bullock cart
Pull them all out and give them to me
help me get it back
Kraft
he goes
Oh no
Someone came from Shisanli Yingzi
Only come if you are worried
an old man
How can this be done?
Mr. Sun
Countless pairs of eyes are watching
Sorry, even the magistrate dare not protect you.
no one can stop me
let's go
Rose
Don't worry
what happened?
Is this a happy event or a funeral?
Rose
Mother
Today I pissed off my ancestors
All for flowers
The souls of ancestors are in heaven
i don't blame you
Our master Satoshi Nakamoto
Now he just leads the tribe
Awesome and majestic
bold tongue
kneeling
for this
for hidden secrets
I woke up
The matter has been reported to the Qingfeng County Government
Have a complete view
The head of the Sun family can no longer run away.
save flowers
It’s about taking care of everything.
The face of our whole village
Otherwise it will spread
A girl from the Xisanli camp was sold and buried
How long will the delay be?
Marriage of a young girl
Yeah
Li Cheng is right
Manier
he remembers
Never touch the ancestral tablet again in the future
beside
steal our horses
that boy
Li Cheng breathed a sigh of relief
don't do that again
no longer
Do you want some tea?
give me milk
What kind of ecstasy were you drinking?
She bought you a lot of good things
Did not buy
You bought it yourself
Where did you get the money?
is that possible
After I took him out that night
put it on the table
I forgot to bring money
Just give me all the money
not mine
How much is left?
everyone is gone
Just think of it as borrowing.
I will pay you three times from now on
That's one hundred taels
everyone is gone
you know
How much silver is one hundred taels?
I actually spent it all
Xinnuo, are you crazy?
You're just holding me back.
You spit money at me
Spit it out, spit it out, spit it out
Why are you so eager to get angry?
Don't get excited yet
spit out money for me
tell me quickly
The man talks but doesn't use his hands
pay me
Wang Bo Wang Bo
If we have something to say, let's talk about it
well said
Let's talk in the house
Go in and talk
What's there to talk about?
when you're done
i should have it
i deserve it
Mr. Sun is currently serving his sentence in prison.
Who should I ask for money from?
Today, why not
Give me five hundred taels of silver as compensation
Let's fight to the death
look
I want to leave the villagers
Let the Song family
We all know your family is a liana
this shit
Do you still want to be the main player?
no door
Xiulin, this money
It was all ill-gotten gains
Give it back to Wang Bo
dad
this is money
Let your son give everything
flowers
dad
I also have this reason
hydrated rice
It's the Song family
Inside the engagement gift for Hua'er
They have a piece at home
Precious jade pendant
very precious
So there are thousands of warnings and instructions
talk about wedding day
Wear flowers when you walk away
able
Available last month
let's accidentally break it
We have also thought of many ways
It's very convenient to get into the city
Find a similar work
but i never thought about it
This is a small piece of jade pendant
Actual cost: 300
five hundred and five hundred silver
If the tree kernel comes out
If you borrow money everywhere
It is inevitable that the parents-in-law will find out
we want to keep it too
flower wedding
impossible
I made this decision
love
Let your niece die
this is what people do
all
You don't want that now
I said these sarcastic things
Your brother has his own way
collect enough money
We really have no money.
I beg my father
Find a way to help us
you lost your bitch
I can't live anymore
I do not want to live
She is no longer alive
Mother
Don't cry because your son is disobedient.
I'm not good
do such a stupid thing
Mother
Me too
for our family
For you
grandmother
This is all Hua'er's temporary failure
thus causing a huge disaster
Originally, the Song family promised us
I said after marriage
I will definitely do it for my father.
Looking for a formal position
Dad wants it too
Help the whole family
That's why I made this decision
They are unfaithful flowers
Hua'er apologizes to you.
The flower is disobedient
Yes
you are too flattering
What problem can be solved?
These are all members of the Lian family
let's discuss it
Let’s see how we can make enough money
This is five hundred taels of silver
Just help the boss
get over this difficulty
How much money does your family have?
some jewelry
There are only a few at the bottom of the box
broken silver
At best, that's enough
forty taels
But Matchmaker Wang then said
If these days
if you can't hand over the money
she
I will spread the word.
It was just thirty acres of land.
impossible
dad
this is money
Big Brother must pay the price
Then it
Whoever creates problems will pay the price
Second brother and two sisters
we are not separated
family in trouble
Why are you and me so important?
Didn’t Young Master Song say that?
I won't marry anyone but our flowers.
Yes
flowers
Either you go
Let's talk to Mr. Song.
five hundred taels
This is a big problem in our family
But in someone else's house
Just between your fingers
Just a little sneakiness is enough
Yellow flower girl Huair
Not worth five hundred taels
Then it
But I'm not married yet
Just reach out and ask for money
The flower is back
I can no longer hold my head up and be a good person.
Hua'er married into the Song family
If you can get the love of your parents-in-law
by the time
Not the whole family
Can everyone follow suit?
Of course indispensable
Second brother and second sister
Okay, okay, okay
come over
you live in the city
My brother has the talent of a researcher
If you have money, go to a restaurant
Not only did he not give it to his family
get a penny back
The family still has to save money every year
for you to enjoy
always say
Wait until my brother enters school
Brothers will follow and enjoy the blessings
We didn't enjoy the last blessing
Most of the land in the house has been sold
for sale again
A few of us
They all want to drink from the northwest wind
Second brother
you are a designer
You don’t want to help Big Brother anymore, do you?
Borrow too much
If you have money, don’t ask.
he cracked it
Heart, liver, spleen, lungs, kidneys
He wants to sell his ancestral land
do it
How many wives do we have?
Just put it together and sell it.
under any circumstances
Hua'er, this girl's film is worth money
our descendants
Nor is he his grandmother's biological grandson.
Tell your wife to shut up
you woke up too
If anything happens I will kneel on the ground
What does this look like?
host
How about borrowing it from Uncle Jian?
uncle jane
Aren't you a bank clerk?
Kids, stop talking nonsense.
I dare not borrow money from the bank.
High interest rates are out of reach
dad
you just said
You can never borrow money from a banker.
Who wants to touch and break their legs?
no no
i think it works
i think it will work
When our fathers speak harsh words
It's because you're betting
You are responsible for accounting duties
He and his family foundation have been gambling.
Dad just said harsh words
It's different now
The situation is urgent now
Mother
make a deal
an old man
president
Ask Lao Jin
All right
What's your job?
water vegetables
The jade pendant problem has been solved
this news is very good
Grandpa is looking for Uncle Jin
borrow money
What is happening at home and abroad?
None of my business
let it be
Then go to bank account
Whose name is it?
Of course it belongs to the elderly.
What's your expression?
If you have anything to say, say it directly
if you say so
What can you give me in return?
I
I just let you
Help me clean the shed
Take out the quilt and dry it in the sun
what's on your mind
What can you think of?
The firewood shop is dirty and wet
The quilt is still wet
Going to bed every night feels like torture
beside
There are spider webs on the beams
Okay, okay, I get it.
I know
Isn't it because the young master is sick?
I promise you
So he borrowed money from the bank
what is the problem?
on this bank account
Who is his name?
If it is based on
He also borrowed the old man’s name
If you don’t even promise flowers in the future
Then your whole family
I have to make up for this hole for her.
Yes
Why didn't I think of this?
The idea is mine.
very close
your mind will be better